Meta description: Enjoy heart-shaped ravioli on Valentine’s Day with Rialto’s special Amore menu—one of the most unique offered at restaurants in Dorking.  

Title tag: Valentine’s Day Special at Rialto Restaurants in Dorking 

Introducing Rialto’s “Amore” Menu: The Best Valentine’s Day Culinary Experience at Restaurants in Dorking  

“Amore”: Introducing Rialto’s Limited-Edition Valentine’s Day Menu 

It’s February already, and love is in the air—and in our dishes. This Valentine’s Day, our restaurants in Dorking are celebrating romance the best way we know how: with delectable, Italian-inspired flavours specially curated for the occasion. Our limited-edition Valentine’s Day menu, “Amore”, will be available in the second week of February as an exquisite celebration of love and food. 

How the Menu Works 

You can order “Amore” a la carte as either a 2-course or a 3-course menu. Two courses are £23.50 and three courses are £27.50, which is one of the best deals you can receive at restaurants in Dorking this season.  

Our menu is uncomplicated and is designed to give you and your partner or friends a memorable evening without anything excessively elaborate. The menu brings together a range of rich, tender flavours, with something for everyone. Choosing is easy, and we can recommend the best options based on your dietary requirements (if any). 

Discover more about what’s in our menu: 

Appetisers as Memorable as a First Kiss 

We have a variety of appetisers to help you begin your “Amore” experience. Options are carefully chosen to awaken the palate without overwhelming it—and also to help propel conversation with your date! 

For those who prefer a rich and creamy starter, we have Smoked Salmon Carpaccio with avocado and a light citrus dressing. For a more Italian-oriented fare, we have crisp and golden mozzarella in Carrozza with irresistibly molten centres. And for a little indulgence, try our Arancini al Ragù, which is slowcooked ragù and molten mozzarella within a crunchy shell. 

Vegetarians will enjoy our beetroot carpaccio paired with soft goat’s cheese and toasted hazelnuts, delivering earthy and silky bites. Or you can give everything a sizzling start with the ButterChilliGarlic Prawns, a rich and savoury treat, but still leaves plenty of room for the courses ahead. 

Our choice of appetisers is suited for the palates of vegans, vegetarians and pescatarians.  

Mains to Fall in Love with 

Valentine’s Day deserves dishes that feel as special as the company you’re keeping. The “Amore” mains are carefully selected to be hearty and elegant, indulgent yet easy to enjoy in front of someone you like without the worry of embarrassment. 

Here’s a look at the mains to choose from: 

Heart-shaped ravioli filled with ricotta and spinach, served in a silky pink sauce. 

“Marry Me” pasta—tender ribbons of pasta with charred chicken. 

Gamberi e zucchine risotto with prawns, monk fish, and soft courgette 

Gnocchi in a rich tomato sauce topped with sliced ribeye and fresh rocket 

Hearty Green Beans & Pesto Spaghetti with soft potatoes 

We have included something vibrant and comforting in each dish, for anyone to enjoy to their heart’s content. 

Sweet and Memorable Desserts 

It’s not a Valentine’s celebration without the sweets. The final course will be as a kiss goodbye, intended to be savoured slowly. Our desserts are crafted to be heartwarming, leaving a delightful taste that will linger long after the meal ends. 

The deserts are themed to match the romantic spirit of the occasion. You and your partner can try the Rosa d’Amore, a blushing panna cotta that trembles like a shy heartbeat, served gorgeously.  For something more indulgent, you can try the tiramisù d’Amore, a devilishly delightful espressosoaked savoiardi and velvety mascarpone. 

We have also included Millefoglie d’Amore among the choices, which is the classic Italian wedding cake made with melt-in-your-mouth pastry and delicate cream. It’s a safe choice to go with if you don’t want to try an elaborate or decadent dish in front of your company, but still want to enjoy a great dessert. 

Wine Selection (Optional) 

You can complement your meal with a bottle from our wine selection—one of the most extensive at restaurants in Dorking. We have crisp Italian whites, bold Greek reds, delicate rosés and sparkling Prosecco, among others. 

Our collection will match any mood for a Valentine’s evening, whether you are with a date, friends, or family. Glasses of lively Trebbia no or silky Montepulciano would surely spark interesting conversation. 

Please note the wines are sold separately.  

Reserve Your Table Early 

Don’t wait to book. Call now to claim a spot before other lovebirds do. You can book by phone or online on our website. We can accommodate special requests and dietary requirements upon request. 

  